### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is a JWT?
  - json web token
  - safe way of authenticating app use
  - header, payload and signature --- each part is encoded and transmitted easily
    - header specifies the hashing algorithm used 
    - payload contains info about user and metadata
  - server will verify and decode

- What is the signature portion of the JWT?  What does it do?
  - verifies integrity of the token 
  - no tampering
  - takes the encoded header and payload, the secret key and applies the hashing specified in the header

- If a JWT is intercepted, can the attacker see what's inside the payload?
  - yes the payload is easily readable and contains info about the user that is encoded
  - however while it can be decoded, the signature ensures the integrity of the token - if the hacker tampers with it and resigns the signatures wont match!

- How can you implement authentication with a JWT?  Describe how it works at a high level.
  - when a user logs in with credentials te server will verify and generate the JWT
  - once created, the server signs the token using a secret key to create the signature
  - client will inclue the JWT in request header with the value `Bearer<token>` and stores it in local storage or a cookie
  - server extracts the token to verify authenticity
  - if valid, the server processes the request

- Compare and contrast unit, integration and end-to-end tests.
  - unit 
    - tests individual components (ex a function) to verify that the code block runs properly
  - integration
    - tests interactions between modules to ensure they work together properly
    - (ex a db and a server API)
  - end-to-end
    - tests entire application from start to finish to make sure its working properly

- What is a mock? What are some things you would mock?
  - mimics the behavior of the real system component 
  - - replace actual dependencies during testing

- What is continuous integration?
  - frequently integrating code changes to a shared repo to ensure that you are working on most up to date code along with others seeing the changes

- What is an environment variable and what are they used for?
  - affect the behavior or programs running with an app
  - part of the environment to process runs 
  - normally key value pairs to configure various aspects

- What is TDD? What are some benefits and drawbacks?
  - test driven development 
  - faster debugging, detter documentation, improved quality
  - time-consuming, test rigidity

- What is the value of using JSONSchema for validation?
  - -ensures that you can define the structure of data and adhers to this setup
  - catches inconsistencies
  - pattern matching
  - readability

- What are some ways to decide which code to test?
  - critical paths
  - error prone features
  - seperated out across app

- What does `RETURNING` do in SQL? When would you use it?
  - returns values generated by SQL command 
  - after insert, update, delete operations

- What are some differences between Web Sockets and HTTP?
  - websockets
    - enable bidirectional communication to maintain open connections - continuous data flow 
  - HTPP follows a request and response model - idel for binary data - REST APIs

- Did you prefer using Flask over Express? Why or why not (there is no right
  answer here --- we want to see how you think about technology)?
    - I loved Python and therefore picked up Flask much easier
    - I struggle with anything JS --- so taking a few month break from it to learn Python and Flask and then coming back to it is killing me slowly
